# CSC336_finalproject
For our final project, we plan to develop an interactive website called “College Choice Creator” that helps current high school students narrow down a list of colleges they are interested in with selected characteristics. We will use the CollegeAI API (https://collegeai.com/data) to gather this data and ensure that the page uploads automatically when the CollegeAI API adds new information. As rising seniors at American University, we both understand how crucial it is to make the right decision for your undergraduate education. We want our website to enable students with the proper tools and resources to make that decision for themselves.

In order to create this dynamic website, we will use HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Ajax, and other languages and resources covered in our Web Programming class. We plan to have various interactive tabs available on the navigation bar to help students learn more about our college choice tool. On the main page, we will provide instructions for the questionnaire. The answers from this questionnaire will enable us to create a unique list of colleges specified for each particular user.

The main component of our website is a survey asking users to select pricing, location, size, and input their GPA and SAT score(s). A preliminary idea is categorizing the results of school information by “reach,” “target,” and “back-ups.” This means that after the user fills out our forms they will be provided with a potential application plan through seeing the schools they have a smaller chance of getting into (in the reach section), schools they are more likely to get into (in the targets section), and schools that they have a high likelihood of being accepted into (in the back-ups section). Additional information about filling out the FAFSA and getting school-aid information will be provided in the results section as well. This could be instrumental for college students, as the research process is overwhelming and there are many different websites that only offer subsections of the information from our website. Therefore, our website is unique because it consolidates information, planning, and application strategies into one user-friendly location.
